Explain the Cloud-handled Voucher-Request (#5)
anima-wg/brski-cloud: anima-brski-cloud.md

    |--------------------->|                          |
~~~

The process starts, in step 1, when the Pledge establishes a Mutual TLS channel with the Cloud RA/MASA using artifacts created during the manufacturing process of the Pledge.

> In step 2, the Pledge sends a voucher request to the Cloud RA/MASA, and in response the Pledge receives a voucher from the Cloud RA/MASA that includes its assigned EST domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In step 2, the Pledge sends a voucher request to the Cloud RA/MASA, and in response the Pledge receives an {{RFC8366} format voucher from the Cloud RA/MASA that includes its assigned EST domain in the est-domain attribute.
```

> At this stage, the Pledge should be able to establish a TLS channel with the EST Registrar, validate the certificate provided by the EST Registrar has been issued either by a trusted public CA or by a private CA obtained from the Cloud RA/MASA, and validate that the identifier provided in the EST Registrar certificate matches the assigned EST domain obtained in Voucher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this stage, the Pledge should be able to establish a TLS channel with the EST Registrar.
The connection may involve crossing the Internet requiring a DNS lookup on the provided name.
It may also be a local address that includes an IP address literal including both {{?RFC1918}} and IPv6 Unique Local Address.  
The EST Registrar is validated using the pinned-domain-cert value provided in the voucher as described in section 5.6.2 of {{I-D.ietf-anima-bootstrapping-keyinfra}}.
This involves treating the artifact provided in the pinned-domain-cert as a trust anchor, and attempting to validate the EST Registrar from this anchor only.  

There is a case where the pinned-domain-cert is the identical End-Entity (EE) Certificate as the EST Registrar.  
It also explicitly includes the case where the EST Registrar has a self-signed EE Certificate, but it may also be an EE certificate that is part of a larger PKI.
If the certificate is not a self-signed or EE certificate, then the Pledge SHOULD apply {{!RFC6125}} DNS-ID validation on the certificate against the URL provided in the est-domain attribute. 
If the est-domain was provided by with an IP address literal, then it is unlikely that it can be validated, and in that case, it is expected that either a self-signed certificate or an EE certificate will be pinned.  

```
